well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
all these republicans having a change of
heart all of a sudden
jumping ship on trump
and uh a message from one of you
and a homework assignment
so it seems like as soon as the electors
cast their vote
republicans well they all saw the light
all started talking about turning the
page and moving forward putting all this
unpleasantness behind us reuniting and
healing the nation
man that sounds good really does
sounds good
but see when he all sent me a message
last night
and it was a link to one of my videos
made in july of 2019.
i'm gonna put that link down below
she was asking for it to be updated new
examples
i think that's a great idea the video
details 14 characteristics 10 stages and
five components the 14 characteristics
are of a specific form of government
i beg you to watch that video and do
what she asks
add your own examples year and a half
later add your own examples in the
comments
kind of flesh the video out update it
and as you do it acknowledge how close
we came
and then acknowledge the only reason
they are jumping ship is because the
14th characteristic
failed they lost
had they succeeded had trump pulled it
off
they they'd still be supporting him we'd
still be on that path
and then think about the next stages
yeah we can move forward absolutely
we can heal we can reunite and we will
but i would suggest that it is
incredibly important
that we as a nation acknowledge how
close
we came
how close we were and those who are
calling to put all this behind us i
understand it
because in many cases they enabled it
they helped him they promoted the
policies
and they would have been there had that
14th characteristic
succeeded
it wasn't a change of heart it was a
change of the situation
we have to acknowledge that and we have
to have some national dialogue
about what happened and acknowledge that
it can in fact
happen here because it almost did
i think it's incredibly important that
that conversation
take place and that we don't
forget we may forgive
but don't forget because i think we were
way closer
than most people want to acknowledge
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day